very good family how are you We
're back here we're
home what a spectacular weekend
we had I'll tell you about it later
live because later Yes okay then at the
usual time at 8 things like that we
'll do it live as always and I'll
tell you a little bit about how the trip went what
things we did and so on I'm not
just back from the radio I'm
just back from Cadena SER
we've been recording the
Wednesday program Wednesday you can
listen to us on Cadena SER at 7 in the
evening okay on Cadena SER or on all
the digital platforms okay they
told me that it's possible you
can go on Facebook that it's broadcast
on Facebook too and that they broadcast it on
YouTube as well they told me okay So
if you want to listen to the program they
did an interview with me and so on it was
really fun you can watch it okay And
well about Olga Moreno's interview
not the topic of the day well I
got up this morning to watch it the only thing I
couldn't do was comment on it and
record this video before but the truth
is that she was gorgeous as always
that's nothing new and the
interview  I would define it with a
qualifier and I would say conciliatory, the
truth is. Although there are many people who may
not
agree with me, I would say
conciliatory because I sincerely believe
that the spirit she has had with things
and with the statements she has made has
been to let things
happen and not have war or problems. Not
on the subject of Rocio Flores,
yes, there is one thing that, well, no matter how she
had to tell it, I don't
believe it and that is that she said that
Rocio Flores did know about her relationship
with Agustín two weeks before, okay,
two weeks before from the press, not from
Rocio Flores, she didn't find out from the press.
Not only do I not believe it,
but the dates don't add up,
okay, and apart from that, it doesn't make sense.
Let's see if she's recognizing that there is
a tension with Rocio Flores and that you
are estranged and that you have a
pending conversation and that you
will fix it and so on, it's not because she's
recognizing, I mean, she's
basically recognizing that there is a tension. If she's
recognizing that there was a problem before, it
can't be for someone else.  reason that someone has
done things wrong or
simply because you have a partner there
is no straps because reaction Flowers
do not leave she is not going to be angry with you or
with your boyfriend because you hooked up okay or
so she is angry Because something must have been
done wrong there is no
more then I think there Olga
girl lied okay or so in fact I am
completely sure you pass it Well as it
is my word against other people's and
against others well no such But
well I do not believe it let's
leave it there not regarding the issue of
Antonio David well he has been saying
that well they are already preparing and
talking about divorce no that it is time
that it is not something that has been
rushed but that it is a cycle that
they have to close and that the two of them are already
talking about divorce and at any
moment then they will carry it out no the
issue of divorce there are many people who
started last year to say that they were not getting
divorced because of the legal issues that
were pending no Let's see when
when you are married to someone your
partner your husband or your wife has the
right not to testify against you not to
lie in the statement let's say no
That  It's by law No, what happens is that
I don't think there's any judicial issue to be involved
in
the fact that they haven't divorced
yet because Olga has already left out the issue of the
concealment of assets, which she
could have to testify about or something like
that, if I'm not mistaken. I
mean, she already has nothing to
say, I mean, she's not in any position. So
I think that the divorce issue, which they haven't
done yet, I think it's
more
because she was ashamed to take the step, not
because that would be like making it super
official, out of laziness, because it's
also something that they weren't in a hurry
because in the end it's just paperwork. She has
made it very clear that she
already feels like a divorced woman, in other
words, that they are not a couple, that they feel
separated for a long time and that those
are only papers, nothing more.
In other words, she fully trusts that they
won't have problems with the issue of
the children and with the issue of the
little girl, she doesn't fully trust that things
will go well between her, in that sense, there won't
be any hitches or problems,
no, and I'm completely sure about that
too, that yes, that that is  It's
true and that's how it will be knowing them
both a little no and on the subject of
well David Flores has said that she
as long as she can and such that the boy is
enough with them no because he is very
attached to his sister no to his
little sister to his sisters no and that she is going to
do everything possible as long as she can to
collaborate no and that the boy is
there with them I don't
put more family I sincerely believe
that from here
[Music]
By the way I saw on Twitter that they
were saying I don't know where I don't know if it
's 100% reliable no and you'll see that the money
from today's interview is going to be donated by
Olga to an association in Malaga and well
from here what I think is going to come out is
probably an Olga Moreno
working in television okay I think
probably if it's not a dwarf Rosa it will be
at a party okay In fact they
come to me through there through the birds But
well family let me know what you
think in the comments box I will be
reading you we will see you at 8
live okay talking about everything